Feature/terminology (#11)
kbayraktar/kbayraktar.github.io: te_markdown/terminology.md

## Overview

![Overview](/images/te.overview.svg?sanitize=true){:class="img-responsive"}

> ### The different areas of the Test-Editor-Web

Reviewer: I would suggest to remove this heading – you don't need it here, it follows directly after the previous heading without any text content in between (only the image), and it leads to very deep nesting levels. If you remove it here, you can "pull up" all the following sub-sections by one level (i.e. remove on "#" from each of them).

```suggestion
```

> In the screenshot above you can see the different areas of the Test-Editor-Web which are divided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the screenshot above you can see the different areas of Test-Editor-Web, indicated in yellow.
```

> through the different yellow areas. The description of the specific area can be found under the number of this area underneath.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following, each area is briefly described.
```

> #### 1. The Test-Navigator area

Reviewer: General remarks (applies to all of these sub-sections):
1. Consider either removing "area", or, if you think it is important in this context, capitalize it (title case).
    * I think its not needed, except for "Editor Area", because just "Editor" may be to unspecific in that case. I would argue that our name for that particular region is "Editor Area", just as "Test Navigator" is – its just its name in that case.
2. I would also consider removing the initial "The" in all cases.
3. You wouldn't normally hyphenate compound words in english, so its just "Test Navigator", without the hyphen.

> In this area the user can specify the structure of the different test artifacts.

Reviewer: That seems a bit abstract, and its also not really the individual test artifacts that are structured, but the workspace as a whole. Maybe "workspace" needs to be introduced here as a concept, and related to something the user will likely know (i.e. the place he can store his files, and organize them in folders).

> He can create, delete, rename, cut, copy and paste test artifacts and refresh the workspace.

Reviewer: Oxford comma:
```suggestion
He can create, delete, rename, cut, copy, and paste test artifacts and refresh the workspace.
```

> The user can filter the different test-artifacts, so that just the specific test-artifact is visible which was selected.

Reviewer: Also seems a bit too abstract… I think you'll need to introduce the artifact types, at least as examples, here. Or talk about it in terms of the languages being used ("test specification language (TSL)" and "test case language (TCL)" are already used in other places, and are part of our glossary).

#### 2. The Editor area

> This area is the place to write different test artifacts. The editor supports the user with a content completion of the different possibilities during typing and saving your test case e.g. through the shortcut ```STRG + S``` . 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This area is the place to write different test artifacts. The editor supports the user with a content completion of the different possibilities during typing and saving your test case, e.g. through the shortcut ```STRG + S```.
```

#### 3. The Test-Step-Selector area

> The user can find the different testdriver test steps as an overview in the Test-Step-Selektor area, to define test cases.

Reviewer: I think the user probably does not know about test drivers (and really doesn't have to to understand what the test step selector does).

#### 4. The Test-Execution-Navigator area

> Here you can excute the chosen testcase through clicking the start button on top left corner of this area. After test execution the results of the separate test case steps are shown in this area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can excute the chosen test case by clicking the start button on the top left corner of this area. After test execution, the results of the individual test steps are indicated by either green (success) or red (failure) icons.
```
General remark: you're switching between an impersonal style ("The user can find…") and a personal one ("Here you can execute…"). I would suggest to use one ore the other, consistently throughout the document.

* Green icons representing a successful test run. 
* Red icons representing an abortion of the test run. The possible reason of the failure situation will be recorded briefly. The details cause of failure will be presented in the Test-Execution-Details area. 

#### 5. The Test-Execution-Details area

> In this area, details cause of failure and accordingly details of test case steps are presented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this area, details about the test step selected in the _Test Execution Navigator_ are shown. In case of failures during execution, this area offers hints about what went wrong. The general sequence of events during test execution can be traced by accessing _logs_ and inspecting _screenshots_.
```
